reader-sdk/android.mdx, before:

---
title: 'Android Reader SDK'
description: 'Guide for integrating the POW Cards Reader Library into your Android application'
---

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have:
- Android device with SDK 25+
- POW Cards Reader Library AAR file

## Installation

### Gradle Setup

Add the POW Cards Reader Library to your project by placing `androidcore-powcards-reader-release.aar` in your `/libs` directory and adding the following to your `build.gradle`:

```gradle
dependencies {
    implementation(files("libs/androidcore-powcards-reader-release.aar"))
    
    implementation("org.bouncycastle:bcpkix-jdk15on:1.67")
    implementation("com.madgag.spongycastle:bcpkix-jdk15on:1.58.0.0")
    implementation("com.madgag.spongycastle:bcpg-jdk15on:1.58.0.0")
}
```

## Integration

### NFC Reader Setup

First, implement the NFC reader callback in your Activity:

```kotlin
class MainActivity : ComponentActivity(), NfcAdapter.ReaderCallback {
    private fun startNfcReader() {
        val nfcAdapter = NfcAdapter.getDefaultAdapter(this)
        var flags = NfcAdapter.FLAG_READER_NFC_A
        flags = flags or NfcAdapter.FLAG_READER_SKIP_NDEF_CHECK
        flags = flags or NfcAdapter.FLAG_READER_NO_PLATFORM_SOUNDS
        nfcAdapter.enableReaderMode(this, this, flags, null)
    }
}
```

### Reader Configuration

Initialize the POW Cards reader with your credentials:

```kotlin
// Initialize reader
val androidCorePassReader = AndroidCorePassReader()

// Handle NFC tag discovery
override fun onTagDiscovered(tag: Tag) {
    val passId = androidCorePassReader.readPassId(tag)
}
```

## Error Handling

The SDK throws the following exceptions:

| Exception | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `DeviceRemovedTooSoonException` | Tag was removed before reading completed |
| `NotSmartTagException` | Incompatible NFC tag detected |
| `SmartTagException` | General error during tag scanning |

## Support

Need help? Contact us at [info@passentry.com](mailto:info@passentry.com) for:
- Integration assistance
- Credential requests
- Technical support

Commit message:

Add beta label to Android SDK

reader-sdk/android.mdx, after:

---
title: 'Android Reader SDK'
description: 'Guide for integrating the POW Cards Reader Library into your Android application'
---
*Note: This SDK is in beta and will be publicly available shortly*

## Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have:
- Android device with SDK 25+
- POW Cards Reader Library AAR file

## Installation

### Gradle Setup

Add the POW Cards Reader Library to your project by placing `androidcore-powcards-reader-release.aar` in your `/libs` directory and adding the following to your `build.gradle`:

```gradle
dependencies {
    implementation(files("libs/androidcore-powcards-reader-release.aar"))
    
    implementation("org.bouncycastle:bcpkix-jdk15on:1.67")
    implementation("com.madgag.spongycastle:bcpkix-jdk15on:1.58.0.0")
    implementation("com.madgag.spongycastle:bcpg-jdk15on:1.58.0.0")
}
```

## Integration

### NFC Reader Setup

First, implement the NFC reader callback in your Activity:

```kotlin
class MainActivity : ComponentActivity(), NfcAdapter.ReaderCallback {
    private fun startNfcReader() {
        val nfcAdapter = NfcAdapter.getDefaultAdapter(this)
        var flags = NfcAdapter.FLAG_READER_NFC_A
        flags = flags or NfcAdapter.FLAG_READER_SKIP_NDEF_CHECK
        flags = flags or NfcAdapter.FLAG_READER_NO_PLATFORM_SOUNDS
        nfcAdapter.enableReaderMode(this, this, flags, null)
    }
}
```

### Reader Configuration

Initialize the POW Cards reader with your credentials:

```kotlin
// Initialize reader
val androidCorePassReader = AndroidCorePassReader()

// Handle NFC tag discovery
override fun onTagDiscovered(tag: Tag) {
    val passId = androidCorePassReader.readPassId(tag)
}
```

## Error Handling

The SDK throws the following exceptions:

| Exception | Description |
|-----------|-------------|
| `DeviceRemovedTooSoonException` | Tag was removed before reading completed |
| `NotSmartTagException` | Incompatible NFC tag detected |
| `SmartTagException` | General error during tag scanning |

## Support

Need help? Contact us at [info@passentry.com](mailto:info@passentry.com) for:
- Integration assistance
- Credential requests
- Technical support
